bluetooth: host: Introduce nRF Connect SDK Bluetooth Host (#27863)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bluetooth/host/api/gatt.rst

    :c:macro:`BT_GATT_ATTRIBUTE`
        Declares an Attribute.

    :c:macro:`BT_GATT_CCC`
        Declares a Client Characteristic Configuration.

    :c:macro:`BT_GATT_CEP`
        Declares a Characteristic Extended Properties.

    :c:macro:`BT_GATT_CUD`
        Declares a Characteristic User Format.

Each attribute contain a ``uuid``, which describes their type, a ``read``
callback, a ``write`` callback and a set of permission. Both read and write
callbacks can be set to NULL if the attribute permission do not allow their
respective operations.

.. note::
   32-bit UUIDs are not supported in GATT. All 32-bit UUIDs shall be converted
   to 128-bit UUIDs when the UUID is contained in an ATT PDU.

.. note::
  Attribute ``read`` and ``write`` callbacks are called directly from RX Thread
  thus it is not recommended to block for long periods of time in them.

Attribute value changes can be notified using :c:func:`bt_gatt_notify` API,
alternatively there is :c:func:`bt_gatt_notify_cb` where it is possible to
pass a callback to be called when it is necessary to know the exact instant when
the data has been transmitted over the air. Indications are supported by

> :c:func:`bt_gatt_indicate` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attribute value changes can be notified using the :c:func:`bt_gatt_notify` function.
Alternatively, you can use the :c:func:`bt_gatt_notify_cb` function that enables passing a callback to be called when it is necessary to know the exact instant when the data has been transmitted over the air.
Indications are supported by the :c:func:`bt_gatt_indicate` function.
```

.. note::
  Caching discovered attributes is not supported.

Read procedures are supported by :c:func:`bt_gatt_read` API which takes the
:c:struct:`bt_gatt_read_params` struct as parameters. In the parameters one or
more attributes can be set, though setting multiple handles requires the option:
:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_GATT_READ_MULTIPLE`

Write procedures are supported by :c:func:`bt_gatt_write` API and takes
:c:struct:`bt_gatt_write_params` struct as parameters. In case the write
operation does not require a response :c:func:`bt_gatt_write_without_response`
or :c:func:`bt_gatt_write_without_response_cb` APIs can be used, with the
later working similarly to :c:func:`bt_gatt_notify_cb`.

Subscriptions to notification and indication can be initiated with use of
:c:func:`bt_gatt_subscribe` API which takes
:c:struct:`bt_gatt_subscribe_params` as parameters. Multiple subscriptions to
the same attribute are supported so there could be multiple ``notify`` callback
being triggered for the same attribute. Subscriptions can be removed with use of
:c:func:`bt_gatt_unsubscribe` API.

.. note::
  When subscriptions are removed ``notify`` callback is called with the data

>   set to NULL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
   When subscriptions are removed, the ``notify`` callback is called with the data set to NULL.
```

* :c:macro:`BT_GATT_SECONDARY_SERVICE` - Declares a Secondary Service.
* :c:macro:`BT_GATT_INCLUDE_SERVICE` - Declares an Include Service.
* :c:macro:`BT_GATT_CHARACTERISTIC` - Declares a Characteristic.
* :c:macro:`BT_GATT_DESCRIPTOR` - Declares a Descriptor.
* :c:macro:`BT_GATT_ATTRIBUTE` - Declares an Attribute.
* :c:macro:`BT_GATT_CCC` - Declares a Client Characteristic Configuration.
* :c:macro:`BT_GATT_CEP` - Declares Characteristic Extended Properties.
* :c:macro:`BT_GATT_CUD` - Declares a Characteristic User Format.

Each attribute contain a ``uuid`` that describes their type, a ``read`` callback, a ``write`` callback, and a set of permissions.
Both read and write callbacks can be set to NULL if the attribute permission does not allow their respective operations.

.. note::
   32-bit UUIDs are not supported in GATT.
   All 32-bit UUIDs must be converted to 128-bit UUIDs when the UUID is contained in an ATT PDU.

.. note::
   Attribute ``read`` and ``write`` callbacks are called directly from the RX thread and thus, it is not recommended to block them for long periods of time.

Attribute value changes can be notified using the :c:func:`bt_gatt_notify` function.

> Alternatively, you can use the :c:func:`bt_gatt_notify_cb` function that enables passing a callback to be called when it is necessary to know the exact instant when the data has been transmitted over
> the air.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use the :c:func:`bt_gatt_notify_cb` function that enables passing a callback to be called when it is necessary to know the exact instant when the data has been transmitted over the air.
```

Indications are supported by the :c:func:`bt_gatt_indicate` function.

Discover procedures can be initiated using the :c:func:`bt_gatt_discover` function that takes the :c:struct:`bt_gatt_discover_params` structure describing the type of discovery.
The parameters also serve as a filter when setting the ``uuid`` field.
Only matching attributes will be discovered.
In contrast, setting the field to NULL allows all attributes to be discovered.

.. note::
   Caching discovered attributes is not supported.

Read procedures are supported by the :c:func:`bt_gatt_read` function that takes the contents of the :c:struct:`bt_gatt_read_params` structure as parameters.

> In the parameters, one or more attributes can be set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set one or more attributes in the parameters.
```

Setting multiple handles requires the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_GATT_READ_MULTIPLE` Kconfig option.

Write procedures are supported by the :c:func:`bt_gatt_write` function that takes the contents of the :c:struct:`bt_gatt_write_params` structure as parameters.

> If the write operation does not require a response, the :c:func:`bt_gatt_write_without_response` or :c:func:`bt_gatt_write_without_response_cb` functions can be used, with the later working similarly
> to the :c:func:`bt_gatt_notify_cb` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the write operation does not require a response, you can use the :c:func:`bt_gatt_write_without_response` or :c:func:`bt_gatt_write_without_response_cb` function, with the later working similarly to the :c:func:`bt_gatt_notify_cb` function.
```

> Subscriptions to a notification and an indication can be initiated using the :c:func:`bt_gatt_subscribe` function that takes the contents of the
> :c:struct:`bt_gatt_subscribe_params` structure as parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can initiate subscriptions to a notification and an indication using the :c:func:`bt_gatt_subscribe` function that takes the contents of the :c:struct:`bt_gatt_subscribe_params` structure as parameters.
```

Multiple subscriptions to the same attribute are supported, so there might be multiple ``notify`` callbacks triggered for the same attribute.

> Subscriptions can be removed using the :c:func:`bt_gatt_unsubscribe` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove subscriptions, use the :c:func:`bt_gatt_unsubscribe` function.
```
